Add UR30 model (#126)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Description: README.md

not clone this repository into a Foxy workspace.

## License
The [UR20 meshes](ur_description/meshes/ur20) and [UR30 meshes](ur_description/meshes/ur30) constitutes “Graphical Documentation” the use of which is subject to and governed by our “[Terms and Conditions for use of Graphical Documentation](https://www.universal-robots.com/legal/terms-and-conditions/terms_and_conditions_for_use_of_graphical_documentation.txt)”.\

> If you have any questions regarding the license or the license doesn't fit you use-case, please contact [legal@universal-robots.com](mailto:legal@universal-robots.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Universal Robots' [Terms and Conditions for use of Graphical Documentation](https://www.universal-robots.com/legal/terms-and-conditions/terms_and_conditions_for_use_of_graphical_documentation.txt) do not fully comply with [OSI's definition of Open Source](https://opensource.org/osd/), but they do allow you to use, modify and share “Graphical Documentation”, including [UR20](meshes/ur20) and [UR30](meshes/ur30) meshes, subject to certain restrictions.\
If you have any questions regarding this license or if this license doesn't fit your use-case, please contact [legal@universal-robots.com](mailto:legal@universal-robots.com).
```

Reviewer: - [x] Please adopt the clarification we did for the ROS driver
